.TH CIDER 1CAD "29 APRIL 1991"
.SH NAME
CIDER \- A Mixed-Level Circuit and Device Simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cider 
\fB-r \fIrawfile\fB < \fIcircuitfile\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
CIDER needs a SPICE-like input deck describing the connectivity 
of the circuit under simulation. It can be executed by issuing the 
command
\fIcider -r rawfile < cktfile\fR, where \fIcktfile\fR specifies 
the file name of the CIDER input deck and \fIrawfile\fP is the
name of the file to which the raw output data has to be sent.
.LP
.SH COMPILING CIDER
.PP
The distribution tape includes all the files necessary to compile 
CIDER version 1a.1. CIDER is written in the portable C 
language. It has been compiled under the DECstation 3100/Ultrix 4.1 system.
Several files are included in the distribution to aid the compilation.
.PP
The subdirectory \fIspice3\fR contains the SPICE3 source code
to which CIDER is linked. The file named \fIMakefile\fR is 
a UNIX shell script which may be invoked by typing the command: 
\fImake\fR. The invocation of this command will result in the 
generation of the object files and the 
executable file \fIcider\fR is created in the \fIexamples\fP subdirectory. 
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Eight examples are provided in the subdirectory \fIexamples\fR.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
spice(1), nutmeg(1), SPICE3 User's Guide, CIDER User's Guide
.LP
Kartikeya Mayaram, "\fICODECS: A Mixed-Level Circuit and Device Simulator\fR,"
UCB/ERL Memo No. M88/71, November 1988.
.SH AUTHORS
Kartikeya Mayaram,
David Gates
.SH BUGS
.PP
Mail all bugs, along with the circuit, and 
complaints to cider-bugs@ic.Berkeley.EDU
